add info on performance_report (#5713)
dask/dask: docs/source/diagnostics-distributed.rst

   history = ts.data

> Additoinally, Dask can save many of diagnostics dashboards at once including the task stream, worker profiles, bandwidths, etc. with the ``performance_report`` context manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, Dask can save many diagnostics dashboards at once including the task stream, worker profiles, bandwidths, etc. with the ``performance_report`` context manager:
```
